README.md, before:

)
=======

Website now visible at https://saintsman.github.io/UoL-TSE-G34/


# G34 Covid Analyser

# How to install for development:

## Requirements:
NodeJS: v12.16.3
Python: 3.6

## Front End:
Go to git repository in the terminal

Then go to the g34-covid-analyser folder

Then run 'npm install'


## Back End:

python3 main.py


[![](https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/chart.js/badge)](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/chart.js)
[![made-with-python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-1f425f.svg)](https://www.python.org/)


# Repo Stats
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/contributors/)
[![GitHub pull-requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/pull/)
[![GitHub pull-requests closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/pull/)[![Only 32 Kb](https://badge-size.herokuapp.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/master/strapdown.min.js)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/blob/master/strapdown.min.js)

Commit message:

Created the overall look and feel on the application
setup some essential components such as the Card component which contains a grommet card component and a graph component.

README.md, after:

)
=======

Website now visible at https://saintsman.github.io/UoL-TSE-G34/


# G34 Covid Analyser

# To-Do List
- Make card component and fit it into the grid system.
- Make a database to store the users configurations (Desktop version only).
- Create the desktop version using Electron.


# How to install for development:

## Requirements:
NodeJS: v12.16.3
Python: 3.6

## Front End:
Go to git repository in the terminal

Then go to the g34-covid-analyser folder

Then run 'npm install'


## Back End:

python3 main.py


[![](https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/chart.js/badge)](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/chart.js)
[![made-with-python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-1f425f.svg)](https://www.python.org/)







# Repo Stats
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/contributors/)
[![GitHub pull-requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/pull/)
[![GitHub pull-requests closed](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/pull/)[![Only 32 Kb](https://badge-size.herokuapp.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/master/strapdown.min.js)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/blob/master/strapdown.min.js)
